README.md, before:

# INA219

A library for interacting with the [Texas Instruments INA219](http://www.ti.com/product/ina219?keyMatch=INA219&tisearch=Search-EN-Everything)
high side current and power monitoring chip via I2C  using [Elixir ALE](https://github.com/fhunleth/elixir_ale).

I'm using the [Adafruit INA219 breakout](https://www.adafruit.com/product/904) for prototyping, so am using
their calibrations straight from their Arduino library, but you can do the maths and calibrate it yourself
if you're using a different shunt resistor value.

## Usage

In your `config.exs` add the following:

```elixir
config :ina219,
  devices: [{"i2c-1", 0x41, [:calibrate_32V_2A!]}]
```

For each device you have connected you must set the `bus` and `address` values according to your system.
If you leave the `devices` config empty then no device processes will be started automatically, however you
can start them yourself using;

```elixir
INA219.connect("i2c-1", 0x41)
```

You can also disconnect using;

```elixir
INA219.disconnect("i2c-1", 0x41)
```

## Installation

If [available in Hex](https://hex.pm/docs/publish), the package can be installed as:

  1. Add `ina219` to your list of dependencies in `mix.exs`:

    ```elixir
    def deps do
      [{:ina219, "~> 0.1.0"}]
    end
    ```

  2. Ensure `ina219` is started before your application:

    ```elixir
    def application do
      [applications: [:ina219]]
    end
    ```

Commit message:

Update readme to make more sense.

README.md, after:

# INA219

A library for interacting with the [Texas Instruments INA219](http://www.ti.com/product/ina219?keyMatch=INA219&tisearch=Search-EN-Everything)
high side current and power monitoring chip via I2C  using [Elixir ALE](https://github.com/fhunleth/elixir_ale).

I'm using the [Adafruit INA219 breakout](https://www.adafruit.com/product/904) for prototyping, so am using
their calibrations straight from their Arduino library, but you can do the maths and calibrate it yourself
if you're using a different shunt resistor value.

## Usage

In your `config.exs` add the following:

```elixir
config :ina219,
  devices: [%{bus: "i2c-1", address: 0x41, commands: [calibrate_32V_2A!], current_divisor: 10, power_divisor: 2}]
```

For each device you have connected you must set the `bus` and `address` values according to your system.
If you leave the `devices` config empty then no device processes will be started automatically, however you
can start them yourself using;

```elixir
INA219.connect(%{bus: "i2c-1", address: 0x41, commands: [calibrate_32V_2A!], current_divisor: 10, power_divisor: 2})
```

Calibrating these we chips is a bit of a pain in the donkey, but is easily achieved by following the equation
in the data sheet.  Once you have the calibration and divisor values you wish to use you can configure the
device as follows (see the hexdocs for `INA219.Commands` for more information:

```elixir
%{
  bus: "i2c-1",
  address: 0x41
  commands: [
    calibrate: 8192,
    bus_voltage_range: 32,
    shunt_voltage_pga: 8,
    bus_adc_resolution_and_averaging: {1, 12},
    shunt_adc_resolution_and_averaging: {1, 12},
    mode: :shunt_and_bus_voltage_continuous
  ],
  current_divisor: 10,
  power_divisor: 2
}
```

## Installation

If [available in Hex](https://hex.pm/docs/publish), the package can be installed as:

  1. Add `ina219` to your list of dependencies in `mix.exs`:

    ```elixir
    def deps do
      [{:ina219, "~> 0.1.0"}]
    end
    ```

  2. Ensure `ina219` is started before your application:

    ```elixir
    def application do
      [applications: [:ina219]]
    end
    ```
